feat(runner): change storage fixture to TestInfo.storage() (#18584)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-api/class-testinfo.md

Output written to `process.stdout` or `console.log` during the test execution.

## method: TestInfo.storage
* since: v1.28
- returns: <[Storage]>

> Returns a [Storage] instance for running test project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a [Storage] instance for the currently running project.
```
